in the 23rd year of joash the son of
in the 23rd year of joash the son of Ahaziah king of Judah G Halle has the
Ahaziah king of Judah G Halle has the
Ahaziah king of Judah G Halle has the son of G Hugh became king over israel in
son of G Hugh became king over israel in
son of G Hugh became king over israel in samaria and reigned 17 years and he did
samaria and reigned 17 years and he did
samaria and reigned 17 years and he did evil in the sight of the Lord and
evil in the sight of the Lord and
evil in the sight of the Lord and followed the sins of Jeroboam the son of
followed the sins of Jeroboam the son of
followed the sins of Jeroboam the son of Nebat who had made Israel sin he did not
Nebat who had made Israel sin he did not
Nebat who had made Israel sin he did not depart from them then the anger of the
depart from them then the anger of the
depart from them then the anger of the Lord was aroused against Israel and he
Lord was aroused against Israel and he
Lord was aroused against Israel and he delivered them into the hand of Hazael
delivered them into the hand of Hazael
delivered them into the hand of Hazael king of Syria and into the hand of Ben
king of Syria and into the hand of Ben
king of Syria and into the hand of Ben Hadad the son of has Al all their days
Hadad the son of has Al all their days
Hadad the son of has Al all their days so jaha has pleaded with the Lord and
so jaha has pleaded with the Lord and
so jaha has pleaded with the Lord and the Lord listened to him for he saw the
the Lord listened to him for he saw the
the Lord listened to him for he saw the oppression of Israel because the king of
oppression of Israel because the king of
oppression of Israel because the king of Syria oppressed them then the Lord gave
Syria oppressed them then the Lord gave
Syria oppressed them then the Lord gave Israel a deliverer so that they escaped
Israel a deliverer so that they escaped
Israel a deliverer so that they escaped from under the hand of the Syrians and
from under the hand of the Syrians and
from under the hand of the Syrians and the children of Israel dwelt in their
the children of Israel dwelt in their
the children of Israel dwelt in their tents as before
nevertheless they did not depart from
nevertheless they did not depart from the sins of the house of Jeroboam who
the sins of the house of Jeroboam who
the sins of the house of Jeroboam who had made Israel sin but walked in them
had made Israel sin but walked in them
had made Israel sin but walked in them and the wooden image also remained in
and the wooden image also remained in
and the wooden image also remained in Samaria for he left of the army of
Samaria for he left of the army of
Samaria for he left of the army of Jehovah has only fifty horsemen ten
Jehovah has only fifty horsemen ten
Jehovah has only fifty horsemen ten chariots and ten thousand foot soldiers
chariots and ten thousand foot soldiers
chariots and ten thousand foot soldiers for the king of Syria had destroyed them
for the king of Syria had destroyed them
for the king of Syria had destroyed them and made them like the dust at threshing
and made them like the dust at threshing
and made them like the dust at threshing now the rest of the acts of Jehovah has
now the rest of the acts of Jehovah has
now the rest of the acts of Jehovah has all that he did and his might are they
all that he did and his might are they
all that he did and his might are they not written in the book of The
not written in the book of The
not written in the book of The Chronicles of the kings of Israel so
Chronicles of the kings of Israel so
Chronicles of the kings of Israel so jaha has rested with his father's and
jaha has rested with his father's and
jaha has rested with his father's and they buried him in Samaria then Jehoash
they buried him in Samaria then Jehoash
they buried him in Samaria then Jehoash his son reigned in his place in the 37th
his son reigned in his place in the 37th
his son reigned in his place in the 37th year of joash king of judah Jehoash the
year of joash king of judah Jehoash the
year of joash king of judah Jehoash the son of Jehovah as became king over
son of Jehovah as became king over
son of Jehovah as became king over israel in samaria and reigned 16 years
israel in samaria and reigned 16 years
israel in samaria and reigned 16 years and he did evil in the sight of the lord
and he did evil in the sight of the lord
and he did evil in the sight of the lord he did not depart from all the sins of
he did not depart from all the sins of
he did not depart from all the sins of jeroboam the son of nebat
jeroboam the son of nebat
jeroboam the son of nebat who made Israel sin but walked in them
who made Israel sin but walked in them
who made Israel sin but walked in them now the rest of the acts of Jehoash all
now the rest of the acts of Jehoash all
now the rest of the acts of Jehoash all that he did and his might with which he
that he did and his might with which he
that he did and his might with which he fought against amaziah king of judah ave
fought against amaziah king of judah ave
fought against amaziah king of judah ave not written in the book of the
not written in the book of the
not written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of israel so
chronicles of the kings of israel so
chronicles of the kings of israel so jehoash rested with his father's
jehoash rested with his father's
jehoash rested with his father's then Jeroboam sat on his throne and
then Jeroboam sat on his throne and
then Jeroboam sat on his throne and joash was buried in Samaria with the
joash was buried in Samaria with the
joash was buried in Samaria with the kings of Israel Elisha had become sick
kings of Israel Elisha had become sick
kings of Israel Elisha had become sick with the illness of which he would die
with the illness of which he would die
with the illness of which he would die then Jehoash the king of Israel came
then Jehoash the king of Israel came
then Jehoash the king of Israel came down to him and wept over his face my
down to him and wept over his face my
down to him and wept over his face my father the chariots of Israel and their
father the chariots of Israel and their
father the chariots of Israel and their horsemen and Elisha said to him take a
horsemen and Elisha said to him take a
horsemen and Elisha said to him take a bow and some arrows so he took himself a
bow and some arrows so he took himself a
bow and some arrows so he took himself a bow and some arrows then he said to the
bow and some arrows then he said to the
bow and some arrows then he said to the king of Israel put your hand on the ball
king of Israel put your hand on the ball
king of Israel put your hand on the ball so he put his hand on it and Elisha put
so he put his hand on it and Elisha put
so he put his hand on it and Elisha put his hands on the Kings hands open the
his hands on the Kings hands open the
his hands on the Kings hands open the East window and he opened it shoot and
East window and he opened it shoot and
East window and he opened it shoot and he shot the arrow of the Lord's
he shot the arrow of the Lord's
he shot the arrow of the Lord's deliverance and the arrow of deliverance
deliverance and the arrow of deliverance
deliverance and the arrow of deliverance from Syria for you must strike the
from Syria for you must strike the
from Syria for you must strike the Syrians and effect until you have
Syrians and effect until you have
Syrians and effect until you have destroyed them
destroyed them
destroyed them take the arrows
take the arrows
take the arrows strike ground so he struck three times
strike ground so he struck three times
strike ground so he struck three times and stopped and the man of God was angry
and stopped and the man of God was angry
and stopped and the man of God was angry with him
with him
with him you should have struck five or six times
you should have struck five or six times
you should have struck five or six times then you would have struck Syria till
then you would have struck Syria till
then you would have struck Syria till you had destroyed it and now you will
you had destroyed it and now you will
you had destroyed it and now you will strike Syria only three times then
strike Syria only three times then
strike Syria only three times then Elijah died and they buried him and the
Elijah died and they buried him and the
Elijah died and they buried him and the raiding bands from Moab invaded the land
raiding bands from Moab invaded the land
raiding bands from Moab invaded the land in the spring of the year so it was as
in the spring of the year so it was as
in the spring of the year so it was as they were burying a man that suddenly
they were burying a man that suddenly
they were burying a man that suddenly they spied a band of Raiders and they
they spied a band of Raiders and they
they spied a band of Raiders and they put the man in the tomb of Elijah and
put the man in the tomb of Elijah and
put the man in the tomb of Elijah and when the man was led down and touched
when the man was led down and touched
when the man was led down and touched the bones of Elijah he revived and stood
the bones of Elijah he revived and stood
the bones of Elijah he revived and stood on his feet
and has al king of syria oppressed
and has al king of syria oppressed Israel all the days of Jehovah has but
Israel all the days of Jehovah has but
Israel all the days of Jehovah has but the Lord was gracious to them had
the Lord was gracious to them had
the Lord was gracious to them had compassion on them and regarded them
compassion on them and regarded them
compassion on them and regarded them because of his covenant with Abraham
because of his covenant with Abraham
because of his covenant with Abraham Isaac and Jacob and would not yet
Isaac and Jacob and would not yet
Isaac and Jacob and would not yet destroy them or cast them from his
destroy them or cast them from his
destroy them or cast them from his presence now has al
presence now has al
presence now has al king of syria died then ben-hadad his
king of syria died then ben-hadad his
king of syria died then ben-hadad his son reigned in his place and Jehoash
son reigned in his place and Jehoash
son reigned in his place and Jehoash the son of jihad recaptured from the
the son of jihad recaptured from the
the son of jihad recaptured from the hand of ben-hadad the son of has al the
hand of ben-hadad the son of has al the
hand of ben-hadad the son of has al the cities which he had taken out of the
cities which he had taken out of the
cities which he had taken out of the hands of jehovah has his father by war
hands of jehovah has his father by war
hands of jehovah has his father by war three times Jehoash defeated him and
three times Jehoash defeated him and
three times Jehoash defeated him and recaptured the cities of israel
recaptured the cities of israel
recaptured the cities of israel [Music]